This is the story of a girl named Jenny Jay
The wind was whistling as she hurried home that day
but from the shadows of an alleyway of shade
there came a killer with a handgun and a blade

The killer snarled, “Give me all you’ve got!”
But Jenny Jay was not a girl to have a lot
He pushed her back against a wall and took his knife,
but someone came to save the day and save her life

And in one sudden motion, gun was on the ground
the knife was snapped in two, and she could hear the sound
of city sirens as the cop cars led the chase
and Jenny turned to look her savior in the face

And so she asked the vigilante who he was
and where he got the courage to do what he does
And Jenny told him she was ever in his debt
“I think I love you, even though we’ve only met!”

He said:
404 Does Not Compute.
System Error, Full Reboot.
Love.program will not run. Zer-
-o, Zero, One One One One One One

Jenny took her robot for a picnic in the park.
They watched the sun set and the stars light up the dark.
until his power cell was flashing in the red
She plugged him in and metal sheep ran through his head

She took him to the movies but he switched to standby mode
She tried to hold his hand but he didn’t have the code
She said, “My love for you will never, ever die.”
But he Klaatu Barata nixed her dreams with his reply:

404 Does Not Compute.
System Error, Full Reboot.
Love.program will not run. Zer-
-o, Zero, One One One One One One

The rain was pouring down as Jenny crossed the street
She saw the speeding bus but she could not move her feet
And as the driver slammed his brakes to swerve away
the robot jumped in front to rescue Jenny Jay

She held her broken robot as the somber crowd dispersed
He said, “The third rule never supersedes the first.”
His circuit sparked and his eyes went dark as rain fell from above
and Jenny cried, “You call it what you like, but that’s what I call love!”

404 Does Not Compute.
System Error, Full Reboot.
Love.program will not run. Zer-
-o, Zero, One One One One One One